docs/editor: about the nvim setup (#105)
nix-community/nixd: docs/editor-setup.md

Neovim native LSP and [nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig).
We are officially supported by nvim-lspconfig, see [upstream docs](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig/blob/master/doc/server_configurations.txt#nixd)

> also, the [example config](https://github.com/nix-community/nixd/blob/main/editors/nvim-lsp.nix) for testing, You can run the following command to edit a *.nix file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, we provide an [example config](/editors/nvim-lsp.nix) for testing, You can run the following command to edit a *.nix file
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
```

Neovim native LSP and [nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig).
We are officially supported by nvim-lspconfig, see [upstream docs](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig/blob/master/doc/server_configurations.txt#nixd)

Also, we provide an [example config](/editors/nvim-lsp.nix) for testing, You can run the following command to edit a *.nix file
```console
$ nix develop github:nix-community/nixd#nvim

$ nvim-lsp /tmp/test/default.nix
```

> tip: If you want to configure lsp itself, see [configuration](/docs/user-guide.md#configuration), and the following tree-like directory

Reviewer: > and the following tree-like directory

is this grammar correct?
